Updates to Contacts section as Reporting (#7023)
vitessio/vitess: README.md

Vitess has a growing community. You can view the list of adopters
[here](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/master/ADOPTERS.md).

## Reporting a Problem, Issue ,or Bug
To report a problem the best way to get attention is to create a GitHub [issue](.https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues ). 

For topics that are better discussed live, please join the [Vitess Slack](https://vitess.io/slack) workspace.

> You may post a follow-up question on the #general channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may post any questions on the #general channel or join some of the special-interest channels.
```
